[Music] Let's
see how things are that
put me here luare compilation of yado
de hacendado compilation of yado de
hacendado I'm laughing a lot with that
eh I'm laughing a lot with the
yado de hacendado man I mean it turns out it
's this guy there's a guy look at him man I mean
I wouldn't know if I should say if it's
really yado de asendado or a Borja
calona I mean what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] man
when I get facts cl on Twitter I
'm cracking up I mean it's a guy who
wants to follow in the footsteps sideways okay
even imitating the same
personality
eh words not the same type of
vocabulary language and so on not milled
what he tells me I do I don't doubt no no
juo no but Ah I mean he's a student of
jados he's a student of jados and he creates
his own course no no no no I don't do it I don't
do it man
why do I I doubt opo and that's what he
's referring to now it's a
valuable message super valuable But what do you
see the kid the eaves this  the other
recognizes what is before your sight and what
is hidden will be revealed to you
For there is nothing hidden that will not be
revealed what is before your sight
what you put on every morning not your
letter values ​​your letter of values ​​when
Adam doubted God What was he doing What is
the message in crypto the servant
who comes told him God go up the mountain and you will
see your kingdom when you have doubts
Why tie your goals and
glimpse your kingdom that is what
God was trying to tell him such a thing that
the [ __ ] literally one is eh dude
literally behavior of is eh
quality of [ __ ] the message that comes eh
from a person But it exists or it doesn't exist
no dude that has to peel you
sudam orda if it exists or it doesn't exist if it is
true or if it is a lie the
incited message that that [ __ ] phrase has because
when you have it in front of you and you
recognize it then what is hidden, that is to
say you recognize it you have the faith you have the
certainty But it has not
materialized yet then with time what
was materializes what was
hidden becomes manifest if you have it
ahead law of attraction law of
visualization law of no law of no law of
ta ta ta bro everything everything comes from here
absolutely everything needs a girlfriend eh
needs a relative to get their
head around eh You might be wondering What is a
bald guy doing with this glass well that's the
name of the broken glass event and if you want
your sales to also undergo a
transformation as shocking as this
come to the next event on March 9th and 10th
something unusual never seen before there I
see you a marketing genius broken glasses
I imagine it will be some kind of
allusion no to no be no to drink alcohol or
something like that no where do you want to go you have
reasons you have goals
you have look look how the yados guy
gets like the jados he starts talking to
the students there on a video call no
and yelling at them and all that stuff that
objective do you want to go high or do you want to
go medium you can't fail even one
[ __ ] day in a hotel room Look it
reminds me of me doing live when
I'm on vacation I shouldn't have [ __ ] the
same thing happens to him but then there are the
idiots No I discovered mét He
discovered I don't know what you've discovered my
dick vinegar you haven't discovered anything it's
you've invented but what makes the
difference what makes the
difference is taking it do it apply it
internalize it and be persevering have
patience and keep putting in the work
until you're a [ __ ] machine at it
but you can't fail man you have to
end up burned out like that [ __ ] you have to
end up giving your 100% 200 300 and whatever it takes
Okay when you operate with that
intensity I disinherit him eh I
disinherit him and I block him from social media eh
literally and he doesn't come to even one
more communion of any of his cousins ​​eh so
I don't take him anywhere eh
life things like
this happen look how [ __ ] wonderful devil
incredible
the decisions I didn't think twice here
done I haven't thought twice [ __ ] I haven't
thought twice about clenching my fist to the
maximum when you operate from your 100%
without fear opá love fascinating things happen
And today has been an
incredible day Also my birthday I'm going to
remember my whole life before I celebrated it
by taking  a couple of cuatas snorting a
couple of lines and today I celebrate it now I
see snorting some cares always almite
but the trick for you guys to make
4000 a week, does anyone here
like to make 4000 a week eh Yeah
well very simple to make 4000 a
week Look, each sale is a
movie you go to that module you study
the 40 hours point by point step by
step and you listen to it like it's your
[ __ ] Bible for two months no no there's no
more mystery I mean you have 40 hours
of real live calls and direct
sale ani a kiss but these people when they
do these courses that are supposed to give
advice not to line the bank and make you a
millionaire What is the profession that they
teach you that is something that is really I
mean in all the videos that I see from the sides
and these things I am not interested in knowing no I
mean they are courses that motivate you to be the
best to earn a lot of money to not
conform with your body okay But
what is it What is the profession What are
the steps that  They give you Well look,
register on this page, dedicate yourself to
selling this now Go sell this, write
your resume What is the what is the
profession What is the job seriously the
job that they are going to teach you not to
have income Which is of all the
colors of all the Flavors and of all
the tits and of all the bras I
mean I mean it's not a mystery It's
simply take copy paste you know
control c control V you know then of course
you have to get to study analyze okay
And from here to do it I finish
actions I mean this magic is not I
mean he doesn't speak well
dude Why why do I
only do this Remember this what a
beautiful gold chain no wide door Flat
roads narrow door narrow road the
maschas and the herds are
always going to be Okay easy long
term only those gladiators who
are willing to eat the table at the
end of
it will have the reward why will they
have the reward for having passed
through narrow doors and having chased
bears path remember easy roads there are no
results difficult roads you have
just to eat because there is no
God to cross it Let's go family
get uncomfortable
with
But fear that the that is that you understand
that we have to withdraw objections, we must not
withdraw objections broa there we have to break
fear belief I mean it's not that you have
realized that any objection that
I come up with is to end know how to
get the fear out of him know how to get the
fear out of him that same I didn't get cl but look at you
what a shame man what we are seeing and that there are
kids capable and they follow that guy
in a non-ironic way come on now the yado now
the yado already surprises me no but it's that this is
like the parody of the yado I mean
if you tell me that in the end what
we are seeing is a parody To
laugh at what sealed I believe it would make
more sense okay there are
kids who start to follow him in a
non-ironic way yic
[Music]
the modulation of the
voice we have to do to
[ __ ] what we have to do to pra
what we have to do to practice for
example they are asking Yes to
do like yes I am saying apart from
this no apart from this is that this seems like
something so simple but it is  that the
problem
is no no no no no
is that at all times you
yourselves understand you I every
day I have a
coaching session and only of of of of this
coaching of sales coaching of such
because my mind works the same as
yours Let's see you think eh of course here
the thing is here the thing is what the hell is it that he
teaches him or rather is that we have
seen the course of the video of the cat has
not infiltrated not inside the of
the basket this is not the Carla Nicolás
Carla is called Carla Nicolás we have to
see your video no but of course really
What is it that he teaches you you
go to the course okay And what are you going to
dedicate yourself to carpenter fanero the best
businessman they are going to teach you to set up
companies what are they going to entrepreneur you
what are they going to teach you Claudia
Claudia and you know the best of the
cars and absolutely
everything the kids eh trust you the
kids man how it has to go for
a kid how it has to
go for you in life for you to be
freaking out  paying that one so that he can
tell you that one day it can be like this I
was
thinking bro when I p my colleagues
that I don't know how to leave it to my
colleagues he will take it
[Music]
leave the lmo to my colleagues t eh the lmo you will
also take it
No brother Not yet
brother so you can see the importance of
surrounding yourself with an environment that
only wants to add that only wants to
progress that only wants to
advance that constantly seeks
transcendence that is dedicated to
others that does not have its only purpose
which is its navel but to contribute to
inspire to be an example here A
guy comes who about two weeks ago a
week before coming was a person
who smoked weed that smoked that had no
reason that was bored because that is what
a vice is he has been with us for a week
a week that he has not smoked well
obviously here you imagine this you
know full of 20th century gladder
know lle imagine no and what he takes them
to live inside the house I mean he has
a house and shoves everything in them There the
importance is not bored Okay
then  Jos dude guys get rid of their
vices for real that doesn't take them
anywhere you think you're
eating it like that boom but then it comes
down again and you hit that smack guys don't do it
really try to surround yourself with the
best people possible so you
can support each other and from then on we don't
smoke anymore no more you have a routine now
you don't get bored I don't get bored no
[Music]
day we light it up today just for the
music just imagine
broo brother Well thank goodness they don't
smoke well no yesterday one and he tells me
you have trained you are training with
yaad you have paid it you have paid 1000
euros 1000 1000 1000 what I donated
yesterday 1000 what I have spent 3 days
being here in cal I say I have invested
more than 17500 in my training 17500 he says
but it has been amortized no and what you see
here you know what you see
here is a chrom I
don't [ __ ] the [ __ ] best investment
that  can do one in oneself continue
growing continue improving brother we'll
see you there by eviza Let's go We
train my mother 17500 bucks you is what it
costs to earn it man 17000 bucks man
per mind you can call us whatever comes out of
the tip of the bud you can call us
sexa eh you can call us agglomerations you
can call us unique you can call us
special But you know what at 5 in
the morning complying awake following
a routine raising the energy and now
what with some excuse with some excuse
go to bed there at 10 to 11 at whatever
time no no no no no here
the word is fulfilled and fulfilled look here
laa we are
the trust you the neighbors having those
people next door screaming at 5 in the morning
[Music]
a couple of Caso pay attention to me that later
after the
but if I follow me let's go let's
go
[Music]
the best group of vestra
life
[Music]
vi written and dig But you want me to
sell you  oh writing
is spelled
wrong but what about all those people
listening to this man's talk, maybe there are
all these people there waiting
for what he has to say
man it's that if a person didn't know about
sales or didn't know what he was doing he would be
selling this type of training
and people would keep coming in use of
TR 5000 believe me no I'm telling you that
if you don't know something about what you're
talking about people won't pay you If they
pay you for something it must be for something No now I don't
want to know why that something the
truth is he had faith in humanity as
Henry Ford said and Henry the
hardest job of being human is thinking and it's
easier like an irascible animal to
attack Oh I'm negative comment
negative comment negative comment
But it's very difficult for this to think
saying okay perfect end what is
this guy telling me what is
this guy teaching me what is
this guy transmitting to me with his
own
personification I mean stop and think about
different things
say that I don't want to say what he's
transmitting to me I'm going to sleep because
life is like a DIY project a
project  DIY as
Napoleon Gil said consists of that while you
are
prototyping Okay Tomorrow the drill bit will go
in this way and
the part of the furniture will splinter on the other side and then you
will have to put a mesh on the screw And
then you will say to yourself I curse God because
instead of a mesh I should have put
a splinter damn Well instead of a
splinter I should have put a
door Well instead of a door a
hinge Ah well damn Lu I'm going to make you
[ __ ] off the mble and take another one I mean
the existence of a DIY project
this is the same Don't
think if I happened to think when
I started in my first one of Oh And how about
look I didn't give a [ __ ] I would get
here I would grab the gpt chat The prompters pam pam pam
pam they would give me four gones and
I would grab p I would read it And I said Okay now I'll
say this as I feel like it
come on next next
And look now
everything has changed and it will continue to change and
you have people I mean it's what I  I
love it what I love is that there are people
pointing these things out in a non-
ironic way I mean like Of course because I would
love to see one that didn't have it
hanging you know like Well look you
pay for this but such But this is what they
teach you This is the routine the first
month this the first month the other but of
course
[Music]